adding mac build and example (#151)
go-skynet/LocalAI: README.md

make build
```

## Build on mac & chatbot-ui example

Building on Mac (M1 or M2) works, but you may need to install some prerequisites using brew. The below has been tested by one mac user and found to work. Note that this doesn't use docker to run the server:

```
# install build dependencies
brew install cmake
brew install go

# clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/go-skynet/LocalAI.git

cd LocalAI

# build the binary
make build

# Download gpt4all-j to models/
wget https://gpt4all.io/models/ggml-gpt4all-j.bin -O models/ggml-gpt4all-j

# Use a template from the examples
cp -rf prompt-templates/ggml-gpt4all-j.tmpl models/

# Run LocalAI
./local-ai --models-path ./models/ --debug

# Now API is accessible at localhost:8080
curl http://localhost:8080/v1/models

curl http://localhost:8080/v1/chat/completions -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{
     "model": "ggml-gpt4all-j",
     "messages": [{"role": "user", "content": "How are you?"}],
     "temperature": 0.9 
   }'
```

> You can now access the service from anywhere that you can reach your mac from. If you want to use the [chatbot-ui example](https://github.com/go-skynet/LocalAI/tree/master/examples/chatbot-ui) with this, you can alter it's `Dockerfile` so it looks like the below. Take care to update the IP address that the chatbot-ui service tries to access (marked `<<YOURMACIP>>` below):

Reviewer: I'd put the example information in the example docs

> You can now access the service from anywhere that you can reach your mac from. If you want to use the [chatbot-ui example](https://github.com/go-skynet/LocalAI/tree/master/examples/chatbot-ui) with this, you can alter it's `Dockerfile` so it looks like the below. Take care to update the IP address that the chatbot-ui service tries to access (marked `<<YOURMACIP>>` below):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now access the service from anywhere that you can reach your mac from. If you want to use the [chatbot-ui example](https://github.com/go-skynet/LocalAI/tree/master/examples/chatbot-ui) with this, you can alter it's `docker-compose.yaml` so it looks like the below. Take care to update the IP address that the chatbot-ui service tries to access (marked `<<YOURMACIP>>` below):
```
